README.md, before:

# yii2-nginx-auth

# yii/

Basic yii app with module yii2-nginx-auth installed


# nginx/

Nginx server installed and configured with ngx_http_auth_request_module

* https://developers.shopware.com/blog/2015/03/02/sso-with-nginx-authrequest-module/
* http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_request_module.html

# installation/

Through Composer
From console:
```
composer require macfly/yii2-nginx-auth
```
or add to "require" section to composer.json
```
"macfly/yii2-nginx-auth": "*"
```

# config/

Configure **config/web.php** as follows

```php
  'modules' => [
     ................
    'nginx'  => [
      'class' => 'macfly\nginxauth\Module',
    ],
    ................
  ],
```

# src/

Source of yii2-nginx-auth module


You can run a test env with :

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Marty-Macfly/yii2-nginx-auth.git
cd yii2-nginx-auth/yii/
composer update
cd ..
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```


- Nginx will listen on http://127.0.0.1:8888
- Yii will listen on http://127.0.0.1:8080

Commit message:

Update doc for cookie config

README.md, after:

# yii2-nginx-auth

# yii/

Basic yii app with module yii2-nginx-auth installed


# nginx/

Nginx server installed and configured with ngx_http_auth_request_module

* https://developers.shopware.com/blog/2015/03/02/sso-with-nginx-authrequest-module/
* http://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_auth_request_module.html

# installation/

Through Composer
From console:
```
composer require macfly/yii2-nginx-auth
```
or add to "require" section to composer.json
```
"macfly/yii2-nginx-auth": "*"
```

# config/

Configure **config/web.php** as follows

```php
  'modules' => [
     ................
    'nginx'  => [
      'class' => 'macfly\nginxauth\Module',
    ],
    ................
  ],
```

To set the token on cookie **config/web.php** as follows

```php
  'user' => [
     ................
     'on afterLogin' => ['macfly\nginxauth\events\NginxAuthEvent', 'setTokenOnCookie'],
     'on afterLogout' => ['macfly\nginxauth\events\NginxAuthEvent', 'unsetTokenOnCookie'],
     ................
   ],
```

# src/

Source of yii2-nginx-auth module


You can run a test env with :

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Marty-Macfly/yii2-nginx-auth.git
cd yii2-nginx-auth/yii/
composer update
cd ..
docker-compose build
docker-compose up
```


- Nginx will listen on http://127.0.0.1:8888
- Yii will listen on http://127.0.0.1:8080
